






He would prefer to have the red haired boy he had seen ON the horse back behind the stables.

But there is no sign of the boy anywhere.

The Inquisitor looks behind several trees and peers up into thefoliage to. Then he calls out in a cultured London accent, "Where AAAARRRE you, sweet boy? Come out my little friend! I've some figs for you. Do come out!"

The boy does not appear.

"Come here! Don't be afraid. I won't hurt you! Come out! If you don't, I'll take your horse away."

And so saying he takes the reins of both horses in one hand and leads them away among the trees.

The two girls listen silent and pale, to the Inquisitor. His offer of figs did not release them from their numb terror. At home Pellæ had far to often heard the servants and villagers curse their children, "May the Inquisitors carry you off!" And hair-raising tales about what Inquisitors did. She gazed at Lillian who looked back at her with big catlike eyes, moist with terror.

But the grey horse had gone. Pellæ heard its footsteps. It had heavy sluggish footsteps. The dry undergrowth crackled rythmically beneath its hoofs. So the Inquisitor really was taking it away! "The Grey..." stammers Pellæ, her mouth drooping. And she raises her head. She sees the grey horse and then it is gone behind a bush.

"Ah! There you are boy!" Pellæ's head snaps towards the happy voice behind her. A shock of red corck screw curls around a black mask not two arm lengths away. Pellæ dives right, rolls under a bush and comes up running.


To be continued